[IS-10] Alter Private Claim Syntax and add JWT schema (#11)
AMWA-TV/nmos-authorization: docs/3.0. Discovery.md

issues in the Bonjour and Avahi implementations. Values 0 to 99 correspond to an active NMOS Authorization Server API
(zero being the highest priority). Values 100+ are reserved for development work to avoid colliding with a live system.

#### api_selector

The DNS_SD advertisement MAY include a TXT record of name `api_selector`. The value of this TXT record is a string
relating to the "issuer identifier", as described in Section 3.1 of [RFC 8414][RFC-8414], and is appended to the
server metadata URL. If this record is omitted or is equal to an empty string, the value of this record MUST be
omitted from the path specifier for the `well-known` endpoint.

> The `api_selector` TXT record value MAY be equal to the NMOS API version supported by the advertised host.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `api_selector` TXT record value MAY be equal to the NMOS API path prefix used by the advertised host (for example `x-nmos/auth/v1.0`).
```
